Validate demisto in docs and description (#1291)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog
* Fixed an issue where the **Assume yes** flag did not work properly for some entities in the **format** command.

> * Added a validation to ensure that description and README does not contains the word 'Demisto'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added a validation to ensure that description and README do not contain the word 'Demisto'.
```
